[Tiny PR] Add missing flags to `astro deploy` (#2813)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-deploy.md

| Option                    | Description                                                                                                                                           | Possible Values                                                  |
| ------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `<deployment-id>`         | Specifies the Deployment to deploy to and bypasses the Deployment selection prompt                                                                    | Any valid Deployment ID                                          |
| `-d`, `--dags`            | Deploy only your `dags` directory. See [DAG-only deploys](deploy-code.md#dag-only-deploys)                                                            | None                                                             |

> | `-n`, `--deployment-name` | The name of the Deployment to deploy to. Use as an alternative to `<deployment-id>`.                                                                  | Any valid Deployment name.                                       |
> | `--description`           | A description for your code deploy. Descriptions appear in the Cloud UI in your Deployment's **Deploy History**.                                      | None                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-n`, `--deployment-name` | The name of the Deployment to deploy to. Use as an alternative to `<deployment-id>`                                                                   | Any valid Deployment name                                        |
| `--description`           | A description for your code deploy. Descriptions appear in the Cloud UI in your Deployment's **Deploy History**                                       | None                                                             |
```

Reviewer: We've got somewhat inconsistent `.` usage in this table from before this PR. Very small detail.

| `-t`,`--test`             | The filepath to an alternative pytest file or directory                                                                                               | Valid filepath within your Astro project                         |
| `--workspace-id <string>` | In the prompt to select a Deployment, only show Deployments within this Workspace                                                                     | Any valid Workspace ID                                           |
| `-i`, `--image-name`      | The name of a pre-built custom Docker image to use with your project. The image must be available from a Docker registry hosted on your local machine | A valid name for a pre-built Docker image based on Astro Runtime |

> | `-w`, `--wait`            | Wait for the Deployment to become healthy before ending the command                                                                                   | None                                                             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `-w`, `--wait`            | Wait for the Deployment to become healthy before completing the command.                                                                                   | None                                                             |
```

## Examples

> To view a list of available Deployments in your current Workspace, run the following command:

Reviewer 2: We can delete this first example since it's identical to the "Usage"

```bash
astro deploy
```

> This command will prompt you to enter the Deployment number to which you wish to deploy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command prompts you to enter the Deployment ID where you wish to deploy. 
```

Author: @lzdanski i am not sure what is the right term to use here, as we have to enter a serial number and not deployment id as a response to the prompt. I can show you today when we chat.

:::info

> If you have uncommitted changes in your working directory, you must use `-f` or `--force` flag with this command, or commit changes to your code repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have uncommitted changes in your working directory, you must use the `-f` or `--force` flag with this command or commit changes to your code repository.
```

:::

To deploy directly to a specific Deployment:

```bash
astro deploy ckvvfp9tf509941drl4vela81n
```

> To configure Astro CLI to automatically use a given Deployment and current working directory combination for future deploys:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure the Astro CLI to use a given Deployment and directory as a default for future deploys:
```

```bash
astro deploy ckvvfp9tf509941drl4vela81n --save
```

> To use a Docker image from your local Docker registry to build your Astro project:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To [use a custom Docker image](release-notes.md#deploy-a-custom-docker-image-with-new---image-name-flag) from your local Docker registry to build your Astro project:
```

```bash
astro deploy --image-name your-custom-runtime-image
```

To deploy only DAGs from your Astro project to a specific Deployment:

```bash
astro deploy ckvvfp9tf509941drl4vela81n --dags
```

> See [Deploy a custom Docker image](release-notes.md#deploy-a-custom-docker-image-with-new---image-name-flag) for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
